We're really confident in our retreat, one-month retreat. It's so wonderful and we're very thankful
, as I said, quite a few times, because it is so good to practice Dzogchen there.
Dzogchen there, and we have the same attitude, same thought, same destination, and same, our belief
or our practices are the same.
So, stay involved, and that's what in the Buddha teaching always said, "Dzongpa, Tsongparakyo," by
intubate reward.
The companion, they keep the same rhythm, similar practices, doing their best capabilities to
advance Dzogchen on a supreme community, supreme groups, and supreme practitioners.
In that motivation, it's not something that we supreme that, but at least in the motivation level,
our bodhicata, kindness, compassion, thought, that's what we've been talking about.
Whatever we've been able to glorify that, of course, it depends, due to the ego-cling, it's so
strong, but at least we're leaning toward that and discussing that and glorifying that our best-
cover Buddhists.
And that is according to Buddhism, there's nothing more holy and more supreme, more better, and
more simple, redundant, than to glorify that.
That means we will glorify our good heart, our heart, with joy and the African expanding, not just
the good heart, expanding with all of everyone, everyone, and that is really so wonderful.
Thank you all for that. And now, we'll just go a little bit over what we've been discussing, and
this time, we'll be just again...